# Cards
A CSS website design for Google's Material Design.

## Adding custom styles: a public announcment (call this a blog post all you want, it pretty much \*is\* one
With [Cards v2 in the works](https://github.com/1Achmed1/Cards/tree/prerelease), it's important that site administrators start preparing for it's release, even if I haven't the slightest sense of when the release will... release. Something that will affect users of custom style immensely is the imports file. This both simplifies and complicates things. Let's start with the complications. The biggest one, and a problem with literally every update is the fact that `base.less` gets updated all the time. Because of this, updating Cards can be a challenge, since you have to merge the code and manually resolve conflicts. In v2 I added the `imports.less` file to help make this easy. In essence, you put your custom styles in a new LESS file, and import it *after* the stock stylesheets and it should theoretically work. Which is why things are now simplified. Updates are easier, and imports are easier, since you don't have to import the variables file and all that migrane-enducing stuff.

## Online resources: another PA (pretty much another blog post)
If you're a brave soul venturing into the [prerelease branch](https://github.com/1Achmed1/Cards/tree/prerelease), firstly I commend you, but warn you that things probably won't work out for a production site. I also wish you luck. Either way, I'm putting in somewhat of an effort to make things easier to users of free hosts. I want to start by saying that Cards is a small project, and I (1Achmed1) am 14, going on 15. Cards is not built with scaling in mind. With that said, I use a free host for [my website](1achmed1.tk). My host has monthly bandwidth limits set, and I hit it once, although that was unrelated to Cards. Either way, it hit the fan b/c I had people breathing down my neck to get my site working again. I understand how hard free hosts can be to deal with. As a result, I've created the [cards-repo](https://github.com/1Achmed1/Cards/tree/cards-repo) branch to keep resources that aren't meant to be edited, like `base.less` online to reduce bandwidth usage on the server side. That's all. Thanks.

## OS Problems: A Brief Explanation
Cards was primarily developed on Windows 7. As a result, Cards was designed to look the way I wanted on my screen on Windows 7. Recently, I started going back to school. Everyone at my school is issued a 13-inch MacBook Air. I took the opportunity to test Cards on a new screen, and on a new OS. The problems became apparent to me then. The problem is most noticable in the header, padding becomes all fooey. I immediately started inspecting the code and discovered that Mac and Windows handle what a pixel is a little differently. I fixed the code using some javascript, all was well. Recently I used my free Windows 10 upgrade and created a dual-boot on my system. I started working on Cards soon after the install, and testing my changes, I noticed that the header was again broken. I inspected the code again, and found that the Mac fix worked on Windows 10. In Cards 1.3, I've *hopefully* fixed the problem by reversing the fix. The fix has now become default, and only reverts when Windows 7 users visit Cards.
